Hey welcome back to my channel so I
wanted to do a review over the tanning
lotion I've been using here recently I
know some of you kind of wanted to hear
my thoughts about it so I thought I
would kind of share them with you today
so I've been using it the million dollar
tan mermaid mousse and extreme when I
first was like looking at the website
and trying to decide which one I wanted
to order I was kind of scared to get the
one in extreme because I'm like really
pale and I didn't want to look like
orange or you know like really bad but
to my surprise the color looks really
nice the lots are kind of fading me out
a little bit but my skin just looks
super glowy it literally looks like I've
been out on the beach for like two
months and it just looks really nice I'm
like super happy with the color the one
thing that I do like about the color is
it's it's buildable so if the first time
you put this on and you want to be
darker then you can like a layer you
know put another layer on like the next
night again it's not going to look too
orangey or to like you know walking up
leads Han it's gonna look really nice
just just gonna kind of amp up your it's
hand just a little bit more um so I like
that I have tried this for I think this
is my fourth time putting it on so I
kind of know what I like about it what I
don't like about it and the one thing
that I don't like about it it says on
the back use a tanning minute or your
hands to gently rub the mermaid mousse
extreme into your skin don't use your
hands or they're gonna look like this
I've used my hands every time that I put
this on because I do like to use my
hands to like apply it but then this is
what's gonna happen so I would
definitely say by mitt I definitely need
to get one of those soon I just haven't
like consistently like kept applying the
self-tanner because it's been kind of
raining here so I've been wearing like
hoodies and you know like jackets and
pants I haven't really needed to kind of
keep up with myself tank so I'm
definitely going to get a mitt so this
doesn't happen anymore because nobody
wants ugly self-tanner hands but if you
do use your hands it does come off
within it like one to two days so this
should be like pretty much off by
tomorrow so just kind of keep that
amount if you use your hands
other stuff that it says that instant
bronze color will guide you while
applying so this does come with a
tanning guard with it which is awesome
because you can see directly where
you're putting it you know if you miss a
spot then you can just go back and cover
it up I've never actually tried a
self-tanner mousse before and I really
like it like I don't think I will
actually go back to like self tanning
lotions because it's so much easier to
put this on it literally cut out like
half the time of me putting this on
usually it takes me like an hour to put
self-tanning lotion on I'm like with the
other ones I used in the past because
sometimes act and mix them with lotion
with those are too dark and it's just
like it takes forever but this one took
me around 30 minutes I would say it was
like shaving and it's you know all that
good stuff so yeah this definitely cut
the time in half which I really love let
the color develop for six eight hours
before showering it says that you won't
be left sticky or messy feeling but I do
I don't know if it's just man so I like
to put it on at Knot's and then in the
morning I don't feel sticky or anything
like that
I guess it just kind of takes like maybe
an hour to dry from you know my
experience is what's what I kind of
noticed so and then I wake up in the
morning I shower it off I'm left with
this when I'm in the shower I kind of
focus on a rubbing like some Tanner aw
around my ankles my knees my elbows
and definitely my hands which it didn't
come off all the way this morning but I
kind of focus it you know focus on those
areas when I'm gonna washing it off and
these other areas like my chest and
my arms I'm really careful I don't screw
up too hard I just kind of you know just
gently kind of wash my body I don't want
to scrub it off or anything like that
and then you're just left with a perfect
color which is really nice
did I mention the smell it smells like a
regular tanning lotion to me maybe not
as bad as some but but to me it does
still smell kind of like a self-tanner
you want to make sure you shake it up
really well when you use it and then
dump it out I'm not gonna pump it out on
my hand so I'll just show you an up
close but it's just like a foam mousse
and I really like the mousse I do have
sensitive skin but this is not your take
my skin at all I did apply this on my
face like every time and it did not make
my face out at all
so if you are wondering if you can put
this on your face I think it's fine
they do sell like a face version of this
but I would just I would just apply this
I mean you don't need to spend any more
money if you don't have to want like a
smaller bottle that still costs pretty
much the same so I would just say put
this on your face as well usually I just
kind of put it on in this area I try to
avoid under my eyes because I do put
like a concealer on anyway and I also
would kind of put it up in this area as
that would kind of bronze my face up I'm
just kind of avoid this area because I'm
you know gonna put louder stuff there
and I did bring over my foundations just
to kind of show you what I kind of went
from and to both of these are Revlon so
you can kind of get a good idea so I
started with 110 ivory and then the
other one that I'm wearing now it's 180
sand beige so that's kind of like the
color difference I guess um I could
probably went maybe a shade darker but I
try not to make my face so dark and then
you know I bronze up with more bronzer
but that's kind of like the liquids that
I put on my face where I was and then
what I am now when I was tanning so just
to kind of give you another example of
hell of how dark I am the first time
that I put this on I put it on and then
I just kind of let it fade off
completely just so I can see how long
you would last on the bottle it says it
lasts from 7 to 10 days and I have to
agree with that because I was actually
surprised of how long it lasted it did
kind of like fade naturally like it
looked really nice when it started to
fade I didn't look too splashy or
anything like that
the one thing that I noticed on me I
don't know if this happens to everybody
but it comes off in this area the
quickest like usually I have to touch
this area up like almost every knots but
that's just me as you have like eczema
right here so that's where I kind of
like wear it like all pops up you can
kind of see over here this arm is the
worst so yeah that kind of looks bad but
I just go over it you know what not in
in the morning it looks fine but other
places like my chest it stays on my
chest really well luck in this area I
make sure I put it is on my ear so you
know my face is tainted
my ears are a while like
to happen so I'll make sure I put it
there the first time I put it on it
forgot to put it on my neck so make sure
you put it on your neck um and yeah it
stays really good on my legs and
everything like that I would say now
that I kind of know how to put it on and
stuff like that by no way am I like the
best at putting it on because still kind
around my ankles definitely on my hands
it looks kind of bad but you know
practice makes perfect
I don't normally use a lot of self
tanners so I kind of have to get used to
using them and that stuff like that but
I'm really happy with the color what was
about to say
I was actually gonna say that now I'm
kind of experimented with it a little
bit I know kind of like when I need to
reapply it and stuff like that so I
guess after three or four days maybe
five I like to go ahead and put another
layer on before like I start completely
over and like exfoliate and do all that
stuff I like to put it on one more time
and that kind of makes me tan for pretty
much like almost two weeks I don't
really have to do too much maintenance
you know I do have to go back in fix my
arms up a little bit the one thing that
kind of is annoying I don't know if this
happens with every self-tanner because I
haven't used many but I've noticed like
if I wash my hands and hold my hands up
you're gonna get these drip marks so
that's that doesn't look good so make
sure when you wash your hands like wash
them down in the sink and like like hold
your hands you know like this here I
wanna like hold them up because you're
gonna get all these lines you know like
water marks burning nail so that's not
cute so that's the only thing I really
noticed that I don't like about it but I
mean it's easily kind of avoidable and
easy to fix but yeah I guess that's my
review hopefully this video was helpful
for you the only other thing I would
have to say is make sure you shave
exfoliate before hands if I left
anything out I will post it down below I
can't really think of anything else that
I want to mention I'm not a self tanner
expert or anything like that but I do
think this is a really great sunless
self-tanner and I would definitely
repurchase this again and I would
definitely recommend this especially the
mousse the mousse one is amazing they
actually sell like the smaller bottle so
if you don't want to get the biggest
bottle first if you just want to try it
out then definitely get the little
bottle and try that
because I think this one's like $45 or
something like that used to I thought
like $45 was for our self tanning lotion
that is just way too much but you know
if you think about it if you use the
attaining bits a lot thing like a
memberships like thirty to forty five
dollars which what I would usually pay
for and plus the startup fee plus the
lotion you need to put on so I mean I
think this will last a good two months
I've already had it pretty much a month
and I'm like down to here I mean I only
put it on the arms and my legs so just
kind of keep that in mind so if you tent
you stuff down your whole body and you
may go through it a little bit quicker
but yeah I think that's pretty much it
for me
Holly recommend it I will put a link
down below if you're interested I bought
this with my own money this isn't a
sponsored or anything like that but yeah
hopefully this video is helpful for any
of you that wanted to try it out let me
know if you tried it out and how you
liked it or what's your favorite self
tanner that you use whether it be from
the drugstore or I don't know something
that's really popular that everyone
talks about totally enjoyed my thoughts
and everything I will talk to you in
another video real soon bye